JS: update release notes for 2108 cloud release (#428)
SAP/cloud-sdk: docs/js/release-notes.mdx

:::

## Version 1.27.0 - Aug 20, 2021

- API documentation (TBD)

### New Functionality

- **We released a regular update for pregenerated client libraries (also known as VDM) for the [latest RTC release 2108 of SAP S/4HANA Cloud](https://news.sap.com/2021/08/sap-s4hana-cloud-2108-engineering-innovations/).**
  - The update covers all the changes to existing OData services and introduces new ones.

>   - The service `API_CDR_FILE_DOWNLOAD_SRV` is not included and will be released later.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - The service `API_CDR_FILE_DOWNLOAD_SRV` is not included and will be released with the next release or on-demand.
```
